
# cse438
Lab2 From CSE 438 Mobile App Development
Creative Portion

1. I implemented sound using the AVFoundation (a full featured framework). I will describe the grueling process of getting the audio files. Instead of risking my computer to get viruses I used websites to covert the audio files to mp3 files that I would then edit to perfectly capture the sound of a happy, mad, and eating animal. I used the same eating noise for all animals (Minecraft eating audio) because trying to find specific eating audio would have been very difficult. Other than that each animal has specific audio that is triggered during different events. For example angry animal audio is triggered when an animal has an empty food level bar and you attempt to play with it. If you play with an animal that has at least one bar filled in the food bar level, a happy animal noise will play. A note: fish do not really have sound so I had fun by putting the "MY LEG" audio from spongebob as the mad audio and a robotic thank you as the happy audio. The audio will be cut once another audio is triggered (ex. happy noise interrupts feeding noise). I also made it so if you switch animals mid sound the audio will stop playing from the last animal to ensure smooth transition between animals. Piecing together the audio and making the audio viable for this project was difficult, as seen through the bunny mad noise which is the best I could get it. In terms of code there is three methods, one for each audio type (happy, mad, eating) that uses the information of the current animal to understand which audio to use. A .stop method is used to accomplish this.
